aboutme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
subtitle: Thomas Fisher - Senior Software Engineer
published: true
---

# Who am I?

I am a senior software engineer passionate about taking complex problems and transforming them into clean, well-structured code. With over 6 years of industry experience and 4 years of academic experience specializing in C#, C++, and Unity development, I have honed my software development and problem solving skills while working on a range of interesting, cutting-edge software solutions.

## Education
I [graduated from Swansea University](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2018-07-27-Graduation/) with a Master of Engineering (MEng) degree in Computing with First Class Honours in 2018, where I received an award for best overall performance in my class and department, achieving a first in all modules I completed over the 4 year degree. [Academic projects I worked on](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-University-Projects/) included creating an [augmented reality warehouse logistics application](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-AR-Warehousing-Tool/) integrating into existing industry-used APIs (C#, Unity, REST), designing a [space-shooter video game](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-EvoGame/) that utilized a genetic algorithm for enemy AI (C#, Unity, machine learning), and implementing an [object-oriented backpropagation neural network architecture](https://github.com/ThomasFisherSE/GenericBackpropNN) (C++, machine learning).

## Professional Career
After graduating, I joined [Rockfield](https://www.rockfieldglobal.com/) as a software engineer. There, I worked on developing and maintaining the [Elfen suite](https://www.rockfieldglobal.com/software/) of geomechanics simulation software products primarily using C++ and Qt, refining my skills in agile development and cross-functional teamwork. This role honed my ability to quickly adapt to complex, industry-specific challenges, demonstrating my capacity to learn and excel in new areas.

In my current role as Senior Software Engineer at [Masters of Pie](https://www.mastersofpie.com/), I work with .NET (C#) and Unity to create [immersive XR collaboration solutions](https://www.mastersofpie.com/solutions/). I have worked on a range of projects including [Radical SDK](https://www.mastersofpie.com/products/radical-for-enterprise/), which can be integrated into industry solutions to provide real-time collaboration capabilities, an [XR-capable rendering engine](https://vimeo.com/1001990067), and I play a key role in the development of a bespoke [][defence sector XR collaboration application](https://www.mastersofpie.com/solutions/defence/) with GIS integration, contributing significantly to its success.

## Hobbies
In my free time, I enjoy learning to play instruments including bass and electric guitar, making and drinking coffee (see my [BaristaAI personal project](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2025-01-10-BaristaAI/)), and exploring technologies, from building / upgrading computers to Raspberry Pi projects.

# CV

[Click here](/assets/files/Thomas_Fisher_CV.pdf) to download a copy of my CV.

To ensure you get the most up to date version of my CV, please get in touch with the contact details below.

# Contact Details

You can e-mail me at [t.d.fisher.se@gmail.com](t.d.fisher.se@gmail.com).

You can also find me on LinkedIn at [https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasfisherse/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasfisherse/).

Commit message:

Updated professional career about me text

aboutme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
subtitle: Thomas Fisher - Senior Software Engineer
published: true
---

# Who am I?

I am a senior software engineer passionate about taking complex problems and transforming them into clean, well-structured code. With over 6 years of industry experience and 4 years of academic experience specializing in C#, C++, and Unity development, I have honed my software development and problem solving skills while working on a range of interesting, cutting-edge software solutions.

## Education
I [graduated from Swansea University](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2018-07-27-Graduation/) with a Master of Engineering (MEng) degree in Computing with First Class Honours in 2018, where I received an award for best overall performance in my class and department, achieving a first in all modules I completed over the 4 year degree. [Academic projects I worked on](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-University-Projects/) included creating an [augmented reality warehouse logistics application](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-AR-Warehousing-Tool/) integrating into existing industry-used APIs (C#, Unity, REST), designing a [space-shooter video game](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2021-01-20-EvoGame/) that utilized a genetic algorithm for enemy AI (C#, Unity, machine learning), and implementing an [object-oriented backpropagation neural network architecture](https://github.com/ThomasFisherSE/GenericBackpropNN) (C++, machine learning).

## Professional Career
### Rockfield
The day after my last exam at Swansea University, I started work at [Rockfield](https://www.rockfieldglobal.com/) as a Software Engineer. There, I worked on developing and maintaining the [Elfen suite](https://www.rockfieldglobal.com/software/) of geomechanics simulation software products primarily using C++ and Qt, refining my skills in agile development and cross-functional teamwork. This role honed my ability to quickly adapt to complex, industry-specific challenges, demonstrating my capacity to learn and excel in new areas.

### Masters of Pie
The next step in my career took me to [Masters of Pie](https://www.mastersofpie.com/), a startup providing an SDK that helps developer write collaborative application, particularly with immersive tech. Initially as a Mid-Level Software Engineer, I worked with .NET (C#) and Unity to help create [immersive XR collaboration solutions](https://www.mastersofpie.com/solutions/). I worked on a range of projects including [Radical SDK](https://www.mastersofpie.com/products/radical-for-enterprise/), which can be integrated into industry solutions to provide real-time collaboration capabilities, an [XR-capable rendering engine](https://vimeo.com/1001990067), and I played a key role in the development of a bespoke [defence sector XR collaboration application](https://www.mastersofpie.com/solutions/defence/) with GIS integration, contributing significantly to its success. In November 2023, as a result of my deep involvement in several major projects and mentorship to colleagues, I was promoted to Senior Software Developer.

## Hobbies
In my free time, I enjoy learning to play instruments including bass and electric guitar, making and drinking coffee (see my [BaristaAI personal project](https://thomasfisherse.github.io/2025-01-10-BaristaAI/)), and exploring technologies, from building / upgrading computers to Raspberry Pi projects.

# CV

[Click here](/assets/files/Thomas_Fisher_CV.pdf) to download a copy of my CV.

To ensure you get the most up to date version of my CV, please get in touch with the contact details below.

# Contact Details

You can e-mail me at [t.d.fisher.se@gmail.com](t.d.fisher.se@gmail.com).

You can also find me on LinkedIn at [https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasfisherse/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasfisherse/).
